alright guys welcome back to bonnet
harvest and today's episode I'm gonna
show you how to cook chickpeas dry
chickpeas why we're doing it because
chickpeas are really easy to cook and
you find them really hard to cook mark
and I'll teach you how to do it
all right look chickpeas are really
really good for you there are super high
in protein fiber and a low GI and
they're really easy to cook so the first
step and I think probably the most
important step is to soak them in water
for at least 12 hours and what that does
it sort of activates them and it sort of
takes in the moisture it means that you
get nice light fluffy fluffy in the hope
to get nice and like I said a soft
beautiful plump chickpeas a lot of
people they miss this step and you end
up cooking them on your stove for hours
and they just don't go as soft and plump
and beautiful so do me a favor make sure
you soak it for 12 hours cover them in
water
and you'll have a perfect chickpea
here's some we've soaked overnight
already so that you're not watch my ugly
mug for 12 hours and you can see you can
see they're a bit larger you can see
their change a little bit of color can
you eat them like that no definitely no
so what's the next step
all right next step is we're gonna cook
it well they only expand so I probably
got a cup of chickpeas for two people
you know a cup of chickpeas about a
liter of chicken stock or water yes you
know really want it covered because it's
gonna absorb all that liquid a good
pinch of time a few black peppercorns
and one clove of garlic straight in
there alright so straight on the stove
medium heat let that come up to the boil
turn it down to a simmer you know we can
take about half an hour just keep
checking it every 10 minutes and you
know you want nice plump tender
chickpeas and you know they're gonna
taste so good it's gonna make these
wicked salads and you're gonna make the
best hummus for your mate something come
round for dips you know taste one you
know if it's smooth and plump and
gorgeous and soft and you know it's
ready so just strain them off
and it's that simple that is how you
cooked chickpeas from this recipe I'm
going to teach you how to do a warm
chickpea salad a cold chickpea salad in
a gorgeous jar you can take to work and
then also a chickpea hummus so you know
what make sure you subscribe
here's up on Facebook and Instagram and
keep posted for these recipes cuz
they're mean damn tasty